Omori
You haven't been alone with me for a long time
The company has been too busy recently.
Really?
Hahaha, what's wrong with you, Omori?
Oops, it's alright.
What's your trouble?
I'm so sorry.
Oh, it's alright.
We fell hard again.
Ha ha.
Are you going to abandon me?
You're not going to want me, are you?
Oh, dear.
He has nothing to do with me.
Why does it have nothing to do with you?
You and that mistress are no longer playing tricks
Isn't that right? You're in love with him, aren't you?
Oops nonsense
He's not a mistress
He is not a mistress
I saw it last time
What is he not a mistress?
He specializes in seducing other men
I don't allow you to say that about him